---
title: '2023'
position: 0
year: 2023
---

Nicholas, we enjoyed the most wonderful day - every detail! Your services were excellent right from being welcomed by you at the port!
We were definitely in good hands throughout our excursion with a competent driver and a knowledgeable and fun tour guide! The eight in our group only had favorable things to say about the tour and the service provided! We will treasure many wonderful memories of our visit to Rhodes!  We would have no hesitation in highly recommending your tour company! Thank you again Jenn G. (Nov 3rd) New South Wales, Sydney, Australia

Thanks Nick, we had a great time on our visit to Rhodes.  Kostas and Manolis were excellent and we saw so many interesting things on our journey.  The bus was also very good, and very comfortable. We send our thanks to you and your staff for helping make our trip a memorable one. Fraser W. and Group (24th Oct) Moonee Ponds, Victoria Australia

Thank you, Nicholas, it was a pleasure seeing Rhodes with Emmanuel. His historical knowledge of this beautiful island was incredible. We will definitely refer this company to my family and friends when they come visit Rhodes. Thank you once again for the hospitality. Jennifer F. (Oct 23rd) NY, US

Hello Nicholas, thank you to you and your team for showing us around beautiful Rhodes. Kostas and Christos were great hosts and are now part of our Family. We hope to get back and visit again and when we do, I will be sure and reach out for your help again. Many Thanks, Sincerely Kim and Anthony M. ( Oct 19th) Kissimmee Florida, USA

Nicholas, we absolutely loved Rhodes--and hope one day to come back and spend more time!  Giannis was the perfect tour-driver! Thank you so much!
Deborah, Barbara and Deanne (Oct 18th) Homosassa, Florida. USA 

Nicholas, Graham and I really enjoyed our day. Rhodes is indeed beautiful and hopefully one day will be able to return. Teo was absolutely outstanding, safe driving and very knowledgeable. Hopefully one day he meets the lady of his dreams! Thank you, Nick, for making our visit possible. Hugs. Sharon B (Oct 14th) Windsor Ontario Canada

Thank you very much for a very good afternoon.  Emmanuel was a good and compassionate guide. His expertise added very much to help us understand Rhodes culture and history. Your communications and hospitality were very much appreciated. Gaetano T (Oct 13) Livonia, Michigan, USA 

Nicholas, the tour was amazing, and both, the tour guide and the driver were exceptional!  I cannot think of ANYTHING that you should change....thank you for making it perfect! Nancy P. and Group (Oct 12th) Senoia, Georgia, USA

Nick, we had an amazing tour with Emanuel. As first-time visitors to Rhodes we felt like we learned so much about its history. Emanuel was the perfect tour-driver. He was very knowledgeable and was happy to make changes to our trip when we wanted. I’ll be sure to give you five stars on TripAdvisor. Tracy C. (Oct 6th) Petaluma, CA, US

Thank you. We enjoyed our tour, Kostas was wonderful! We’ll leave positive review and recommend. Thank you so much!!  Mike and Susan P.  (Oct 4th) Cortez, FL, US 

Nicholas, thanks for coming to meet us in person at the cruise port. We had an enjoyable time with Christos. He’s very personable and friendly. Tried his best to give us a good introduction to Rhodes and to provide the info on the historical background to some of the places included in the excursion. We all felt very much at ease with Christos.  Also, thanks for checking in during the excursion. Please pass on our thanks to Christos. Sincerely, Evelina W. (28th Sept) Toronto, Ontario, Canada

Hi Nicholas, We all really enjoyed Rhodes. It was a highlight of our entire trip. Kostas was very professional and helpful. Great communication.  We will not forget Rhodes. We wish you and everyone we met all the best. Pauline F. (Sept 22nd) Cleveland, OH, US

Thank you, Nicolas! We had a wonderful time, and Stamos was the perfect guide.  Couldn’t have been a better day! Thanks again. Allison M. (14th Sept) Three Rivers, Hertfordshire, England

Thank you Nicholas, we had a fantastic time. Both Nikol and Manuel were fantastic, they were very responsive to our needs, friendly, knowledgeable and they gave us the right amount of action and rest! The minibus was also beautiful, so clean and luxurious. We were very impressed. Thank you.  Alana S. and Group (Sept 8th) Palm desert, CA, USA 

Chris was great! We had such a great time and will write a good review and recommend to anyone else coming! Thank you so much!!  Carey S. and Family (Sept 6th) Fort Lauderdale, FL

Nicholas, you operate a first-class tour with outstanding people. Well done! Thank you very much!  Bill, Lisa, Sue (Sept 5th) Johns Creek, Georgia, USA

Nicholas, we had a very nice experience.  Stamos was very pleasant and easy to talk to.  We appreciated the information and perspective he was able to give as a Rhodes “local”.  We will contact you in the future if we plan a trip to Rhodes.  Sincerely, John F. and Family (Sept 3rd) Bakersfield, CA

Hi Nicholas! Everything was so nice and informative, we enjoyed our time with Kostas very much, especially his enthusiasm about Lindos and his knowledge of Greek history. The vehicle was very comfortable and cool, which was much appreciated. Please pass on to Kostos that we had a wonderful tour of the island with him. Susan P. (August 24th) Pacifica, CA, USA

Michael is a top-notch guide and we enjoyed our day so very much.  Loved hearing the history of your beautiful island as well as Greek Mythology!  He planned our trip around our interests and abilities. Thank you! Susan and Christopher R. (Aug 19th) Ofallon, Missouri, US

Thank you for a wonderful day! We absolutely loved it. Michael was great!!! The restaurant he took us to for lunch was outstanding! Excellent Tour. Lori D. Travel Advisor at G. C. T. (Aug 15th) St Petersburg, Florida, US

Dear Michael and Nicholas, thank you so very much for going out of your way to enrich our experiences with this amazingly beautiful and enchanting island. We look forward to opportunities to visit with you again, and will also let our friends know about your excellent and friendly services. Warmest regards, Keh-Ming (Aug 13) USA

Nick, Maria was a fabulous tour guide!  She was able to keep our group interested and engaged. We are a tough crowd and she managed us extremely well. Thank you! Beth, Diana and Group (Aug 8th) Milford, Connecticut, US

Nicholas, we have to tell you that our day in Rhodes with Emmanuel was the highlight of our entire trip! We loved the island and the stop at the pottery store was an unexpected treasure!!! Thank you for the personal attention given to us throughout the day. Emmanuel did a great job with the timing and made sure we stopped at sights that might be busy later in the day, early. I can’t say enough good about our time in Rhodes and I would highly recommend your tour. Thank you again! Toni H. and Family (July 28th) Edina, MN, USA
  
Hi Nick, we all thoroughly enjoyed our two trips with your company. Anastasia was great and really helped us to get the most out of our visit.  We are sending our very best wishes.  Kind regards, Lee D. (26th July) UK 

Hi Nick, it was a pleasure meeting Kostas and Manuel.  We had a wonderful time in a tour and loved the island. Take care and stay safe. Thanks, INNA K. and family (July 23rd) Morganville, Marlboro, NJ, USA

Thank you very much Nicholas and Kostas! It was an enjoyable and unforgettable tour indeed. Thanks to Kostas’s professional knowledge of Rhodes history, we learnt quite a lot more about this amazing island. Looking forward to visiting there and seeing you again. Regards, Ye and Zhenyuan Z. (22nd July) China

Dear Nicholas, thank you so much for putting the tour together, and for introducing me to Alex. I had a great time and I will remember this tour and everything I've learned about the island forever! As a tourist with a disability, it's incredibly hard to find a suitable tour, but you made it all seem so easy! And I really, really appreciate it. Please say Hi from me to Alex. :) I left you guys a review on Google Maps. I hope it helps. I would have given you more stars, but 5* is all I can do ha ha, Kind regards, Diana N. (21st July) Romania

Dear Mr Nicholas, just a short note to express our appreciation for your organized Island tour yesterday. As a family we had a great day, your driver Kostas, was both a joy to be with, and an excellent driver. Overall, we would give your tour 5+ Stars and would thoroughly recommend it to anyone looking to book a personalized tour around the lovely Island of Rhodes. Thank you once again. Yours sincerely, David, Rita and Joey. (14 July) UK

We enjoyed our tour with Kostas who was very informed about the history of sites visited and would recommend your services to friends and family. You have a beautiful island, and the tour with Kostas made our day one to remember!  Efcharisto!  Darlene & Mark L. (July 12th) USA

Hi Nicholas, Thanks a lot for our trip today which we all enjoyed. And many thanks to Michael our guide and driver who was really nice and knowledgeable and we will definitely book another trip with you when we return to Rhodes in the future.  Thanks again Scott W. and family (7th July) UK

Nick: THANK YOU!  The tour has been the highlight of our trip and my wife and her sisters were very appreciative of Kosta's the Tour Guide and Kosta's the Driver, navigating us through the island. I will certainly recommend your services to friends. The lunch arrangement was perfect and my wife's older sister met a distant cousin at the restaurant. THANK YOU AGAIN. Dale and Family (June 25th) Tallahassee, Florida, USA

Hi Nicholas- It was a pleasure meeting you and your team as well. Great job by all the team! Tour guides and drivers where very through and flexible with the needs of our group. Hope to see you soon! Leo G. and Group (June 24th) US

Thank you, Nicholas. We had a very good tour of your lovely island with Michael. The place he chose for lunch was perfect. We enjoyed learning and seeing so much of the island. The pottery factory was a great stop. We appreciate the way you run your business. You communicated well. You were on time. Your morning introduction at the pier was much appreciated. Thank you, Brenda S. (June 16th) USA

Emmanuel was superb. We could not have asked for a better guide. We were so lucky to get him. The time he spent with us and his attention to all of the details made it a very personable tour! Thank you for this. Beth P, (June 15th) Plano, Texas, USA

Hi Nick, we loved our day in Rhodes with Emmanuel so much! I just put up a review on Trip Advisor. We really liked that he took us to 2 very authentic places - Olive, oil & other tastings + Giannis, the potter. He also was very focused on making sure we had the best time. I also appreciated it that you personally met us at the cruise port and that you called during the trip to check in - amazing customer care!  Thank you so much for a wonderful day! (It was also my husband's & mine 25th wedding anniversary!) Ellen B. (June 14th) USA

Nicholas, the tour of Rhodes was great. Rhodes was our favorite of the 5 ports of Greece we visited. Kostas went above what we expected.  Thanks, Dennis S.  (June 9th) Broomall, Pennsylvania, US	

Nickolas, I want to thank you for the very good Rhodes Tour.  Stamos was so kind and helpful.  He was just what we needed.  Our previous tour in Israel required far more walking than some of us were comfortable with so it was a welcome relief when Stamos worked the tour around our needs.  He has a wonderful sense of humor and a very pleasant personality.  A real asset to your staff.  Once again, thanks for a lovely time. Kind Regards, Marlene M. (June 8th) Apple Valley, Minnesota, USA


Nicholas, we all thoroughly enjoyed the tour and seeing your beautiful Rhodes.  Kostas was a wealth of knowledge and made the tour a great experience.  Manolis was a wonderful driver who made us feel very safe.  Thank you all for a very memorable day. Eileen, Al & group (June 2nd) Chatsworth Los Angeles, CA

Thanks Nick. We had a great day with Kostas and a wonderful lunch at Argo Restaurant.  Will pass on your contacts to Danielle Smith our travel agent in Sydney.  Stay safe and well.  Brian & Fay T. (1st June) Sydney. NSW Australia

Nicholas, we had the best time! Alex was wonderful and is a great representative of your company and the island of Rhodes. I can’t say enough about his professionalism, flexibility and willingness to accommodate our needs.
Thank you again, Sue B. (May 25th) Wyoming, Michigan USA

We took a tour of Rhodes and Giannis was our tour/driver.  He took us around the island. He had many stories and was well organized. This was a great tour with no hidden surprises or unexpected shopping stops.  I would recommend this tour company to everyone. Wendy L. (May 22th) Cullowhee, North Carolina. US

Hi Nicholas and Kostas. As I think about the full trip, and the stops in Greece, Turkey and Israel, my mind keeps wondering back to Rhodes.  What a magnificent day!  Kostas made our visit extraordinary. His hospitality and generosity of spirit and story made the visit far more than a tour of the sights and sounds, but a window into the wonder of the island and its unique history. Thank you for all the moments that I will keep close to my heart for years to come.  I hope life will find me back in Rhodes before too long — Stacy S. (May 18th) Marina del Rey, CA, US  

Hello, we were very happy with all the good information that Michael gave us on our tour.  He has a very good knowledge of Rhodes.  The car was comfortable and he was a careful driver. Thanks for making our visit to Rhodes a good one!  The Tanners (May 10th) Sandersville, Georgia US

Dear Nicholas, we have been very impressed with the level of service you have offered and please pass on our thanks to Apostolos who was an excellent and safe driver as well as being a fine representative of your company and very helpful.  I assure you we will recommend your company to anyone we know who may come to your lovely island.  Best regards from all of us, Roger Β. (10 May) United Kingdom

Hi Nicholas, I can’t say enough kind things about the tour, our fantastic guide and professional driver.  The day was a complete success and we’re sorry that three of our friends couldn’t join us. I’ll be very happy to write a glowing review when I return home.  Thank you for providing such exceptional service. Nancy K. and Friends (May 5th) USA

Hi Nick, we had a wonderful time. Anastasia, was the perfect guide. We learned not only about the past but also about the present. The tour was amazing. Thank you for taking care of us. Bozena and Friends (April 26th) Chicago, Illinois, USA

Dear Nick, thank you for organizing a wonderful tour - we thoroughly enjoyed our time on Rhodes. Please pass our thanks on to Gianis.  Kind regards Kristen and Family (16th April) Australia

Hi Nicholas, just wanted to say thank you from all of us as we had a fantastic day out and Michael was a fantastic driver. It was a perfect way to see more of the island and Ray and I would love to come back to spend more time in some of the places. Luca loved hearing about the history (he was quiet but enjoys taking it all in). Nina (5th April) Crick, Northamptonshire, UK

Nicholas, we had a wonderful time on this beautiful island..even with the cold windy weather. Michael did an excellent job of showing us the highlights as well as sharing his vast knowledge of the history of the island. Can't wait to return someday!! Nancy and Beth (March 11th) US


Nicholas Good afternoon! We had an absolutely wonderful day in Rhodes with Stergos. Every aspect of our tour was perfect. Thank you, thank you. Should we ever have the good fortune to return to Rhodes we will be certain to reserve another tour with your company. All the best to you in 2023. Joan K. and Family (Jan 15th) Allendale, New Jersey, USA