---
title: '2024'
position: 0
year: 2024
---

Nicholas, everything was perfect. We truly enjoyed the private tour.  Michael was great, and we will recommend him and your company to our friends and family. Thank you for making our stay memorable!  Jose B. (Sept 28th) Warrenton, Virginia, USA

Thankyou Nick for everything and putting up with my many emails! We had a fabulous time. Christos was knowledgeable and very friendly and fun! It was so nice of him to divert to a water front restaurant so we could have a drink by the water. It was a beautiful place! I would highly recommend your company to my friends. Judy L. (Sept 12th) Kissimmee, FL USA

Hi Nick, we had an amazing time on the tour with Manuel. His extensive knowledge of the island made it a truly enriching experience, and we loved learning about the history of your beautiful home. Thank you to both you and Manuel for the exceptional customer service. If we ever return, I'll definitely reach out to you again.
Best regards, Marina H. (Sept 4th) Hilton Head Island, South Carolina, US

Hi Nicholas, we had a great day with Michael, it was a first for our son and his partner and they thoroughly enjoyed the history of the island.  Very relaxed and timings were perfect. Wouldn’t change a thing. It works well for us for sure.  Hope to see you again in 2025. Regards Steven S. (2nd Sept) Southampton, UK

Nicholas it was a pleasure meeting you as well. Thank you for everything! We truly enjoyed the beauty of your island, the pottery, wine tasting, and the rich history of Rhodes. Kostas and Manolis were incredibly accommodating. Emily R. and Family (Aug 23rd) Toronto, Canada  

Nicholas, Yannis took us on an unbelievably interesting tour of your beautiful island. It far exceeded our expectations - and we feel as though we’ve made a good new friend! We certainly hope we’re able to visit again with our sons next time. Thank you again for making our day so special. Blake and Diane R. (Aug 16th)  Waco, Texas, USA 

Nicholas, we had an absolutely wonderful day visiting Rhodes with Costas.  He was fun, accommodating and knowledgeable. We would have liked to have brought our swim suits us and gone for a swim at the beautiful beachfront restaurant that we went to. We had a great day and look forward to our return to Rhodes. Beth G. and Family (Aug 7th)  Palm city, Florida, USA

Nichols, thank you for a wonderful day.  Manuel was wonderful and provided a wealth of information.  Lunch was at a beautiful location.  Having limitations walking and standing for long periods of time, this tour was just what we were hoping for. Thank you for such a terrific tour.  Patricia & Robert B. (Aug 3rd) Albany, New York

We had such a nice time riding along with Teo. He was incredibly friendly and very knowledgeable. He did a wonderful job tailoring the day around our wishes. We will certainly book with you in the future and recommend to any one on vacation to the island. Thank you so much.  John and Maureen H.  (July 25th) Colorado Springs, USA

Nicholas, thank you, it was a pleasure using your services. Our drive with Chris was amazing. He modified exactly what we needed and I am definitely going to recommend you guys to all our friends who are traveling to Greece with kids. We have someone coming next week and I’m forwarding you information to her. Thank you for showing us your beautiful island and we all had a blast. Sincerely, Maria and Family (July 19th) Woodcliff Lake, NJ, USA

Thanks Nick.  All was great.  The only problem we had was not having enough time to do all we wanted to do.  Andrew made helped maximize our visit given the time we had.  I will go online and do a review.  We hope to visit again and arrange another tour of other parts of Rhodes.  Paul F.  (July 17th) Miami Beach, FL, USA

Hi Nick, we had a great tour with Yannis. He was very friendly and accommodated all our timings, etc. His English is superior too. We would highly recommend him. We think he should get a raise. Best regards, Susan F. Sean, Howard, Blanca. (July 12th) Naples, FL, USA

Nicholas, we had a wonderful tour! Both Kostas and Manolis were great! Thanks again. Chris G. (July 3rd) Antonio/TX/US

Dear Nicholas, we enjoyed our day very much with Andrew and we will certainly cherish our memories of a wonderful day. I will definitely recommend you and Andrew to anyone I know looking for a tour in Rhodes in future. Kind regards Joseph W. and Family (2nd July) U.K.   

Nicholas we very much enjoyed the tour. My son says that it was his favorite of our 14 days in Greece!!  Cheryl C. and Family. (June 28th) Saint John’s, FL USA

Nicholas, our tour was perfect. We couldn’t have asked for a better driver than Andrew. We will certainly use your services the next time we visit Rhodes. We already talked with Andrew about which tours we should do next time. Thank you so much for the care and hospitality that you and Andrew showed us. Kerry P. (June 20th) San Jose, California, US

Hi Nicholas, Just wanted to thank you so much for arranging such a wonderful day in Rhodes. Kostas and Mano took wonderful care of our group, and were flexible and fun. We left with a wonderful impression of the history and beauty of Rhodes and its people. Thank you again for your help and expertise.  Sincerely, Shireen M. and Family (June 14) Florida. US

Nicholas, we had a great time! Andrew was wonderful! Please send him this picture 😁 Thank you! Mai N. (June 4th) Atlanta, US

Dear Nicholas, thank you and thanks to Michael as well for organizing such a wonderful day for us. We loved everything; Koskinou was beautiful, we enjoyed seeing the Acropolis, and we especially loved the taverna and beach for lunch. Michael was such a helpful, knowledgeable, and friendly guide. We will always remember the day! If we are ever back in Rhodes, we will certainly reach out to you about another tour. Kind regards, Margaret N. (2nd June) UK

Nick, it was a wonderful tour. So beautiful and our guide Teo was awesome and very knowledgeable! Great time! ❤️ Mary Anne S. (May 28th) Buffalo New York, US

Dear Nicolas, we thank you and want to thank Teo for an amazing day on your beautiful island.  Lindos was spectacular! Teo was an excellent guide.  We will definitely recommend your business for any friend that will be visiting Rhodes in the future.  Our best, Debora and Bruce S. (May 23rd) Bonita Springs, Florida USA

Hello Nicholas - thank you for making the booking so easy and especially to our guide, Michael. He showed us all we needed to see to experience the beauty of Rhodes! If we ever have the opportunity to return to your beautiful island we certainly will book directly with your company. We will also share your company name with any friends and family who may visit Rhodes. Thank you again, Nicholas and Michael! Jeanne and Kirk F. (May 16) Falls Church, Virginia, US   

Nicholas, it was a memorable trip thank you and Alex a wonderful driver!  Regards Linda J. (12th May) UK

Thank you, Nick, for the tour, we really enjoyed our day and Michael was excellent, will definitely recommend to our friends, cheers, Laurie and Family (7th May) Burleigh Waters, Queensland, AU

Dear Nicholas, we had a wonderful time touring your beautiful island!  Michael not only had an amazing knowledge of the history of the many sights we saw, but he also shared amusing stories that kept us all laughing.  We wanted to have some genuine Greek food for lunch and also taste and buy some local wines and he made it happen.  We are so pleased with our experience and I personally will be writing a 5-star review once I get home.  Thanks again for a great tour! Helen E. (May 1st) California. US

Thank you, Nicholas, we had a fab time and Anastasia was brilliant a credit to your company we will recommend you to our friends so if they ever come.  Regards Pat M. (25 April) Oxford UK

Nicholas, Kostas proved to be an outstanding guide. His wealth of knowledge and captivating presentation of Rhodes's history, along with insights into its current status within Greece, were truly impressive. We thoroughly enjoyed his sense of humor. The seafood restaurant he selected for lunch in Archangelos village was a highlight, offering a picturesque setting, delectable cuisine, and warm hospitality. Thank you for the great service!!  Dalia S. and Group (April 8th) Belleville, Illinois, US

Hi Nicholas, our tour with Stamos was nothing short of exceptional. He navigated the roads with utmost care, showcasing an impressive knowledge of Rhodes. Stamos was polite, engaging, and highly responsible. He went out of his way to make sure we saw everything, and that we understood everything we saw.  Gary B. and Family (April 6th) Garden City, Kansas, US

Nicholas, we must commend Manuel for his exceptional guidance during our tour of Rhodes. His wealth of information, coupled with his keen eye for photo opportunities, made our day truly unforgettable. Spending time with Manuel was a pleasure, and we endorse him to anyone visiting the island. Thank you for facilitating such a remarkable experience!  Daniel and Jackie L. (March 12th) Santa Barbara, California, U.S.