---
title: '2025'
position: 0
year: 2025
---

Nicholas Thank you so much, the trip was excellent, Michael was a wonderful guide (and excellent, cautious driver), as well as being very accommodating when I wanted to take pictures of your beautiful island. Driving through your beautiful towns (and getting some local gossip) was my favorite part of the trip, besides exploring Lindos and the lovely Bay of St Paul.  Also, the last winery was quite fun!  I cannot say enough about how great Michael was!  Thanks, you again for making my trip to Rhodos so special.  With gratitude & positivity, Becky P. DACM, L.AC (Nov 6th) Sarasota, Florida, US

Nick - We enjoyed our day with Teo so much! He was a great tour guide and we appreciated his patience and knowledge. Your call at the end of our tour was a nice touch! Thank you for checking in on us.  We look forward to coming back to this beautiful island one day! Thank you, Craig and Ruth E. (Oct 22nd) Cedar Knolls, NJ, US

Nicholas thank you so much. We had a fabulous day! Kostas is an amazing history scholar, and a great driver too! Anita and Daniel R. (Oct 11th ) St Louis, Missouri, USA

Thank you, Nicholas, we enjoyed our tour, learning much about the history and culture of Rhodes, Michael was very knowledgeable and we enjoyed his enthusiasm and energy. Sonia M. and Family (2nd Oct) Australia

Nicholas thank you so much for showing us your beautiful home! We absolutely will be back for a longer vacation to enjoy your beaches and more of your great food.  Annabelle B. (Sept 26th) Dallas, Texas, US

Nicholas the tour was absolutely perfect. Teo was great, we enjoyed spending our time with him. I will say I believe you are very lucky to have such a great man on your team. Todd M. (Sept 20th)     )  Kansas City Missouri, USA

Kalispera! We had a wonderful day and Michael was great. We enjoyed the tour and facts about the history of Rhodes! Greetings Angelique F. and Group (19th Sept) Holland

Hello Nicholas, just wanted to thank you and Christos (driver) for the excellent driving tours you provided us, we had a great time and appreciated the flexibility of being able to customize the itinerary. We hope to catch up with you again next time.  We also enjoyed the night walk, which was very informative and comprehensive. Say hi to Christos for us.  Regards, Stan and Family (13th Sept) Australia 

We have booked many private tours over the years, and our tour with Michael was beyond a doubt the best tour we have ever had. He was such a joy! Superior in every way! Thank you so much Nicholas!  Debora S. (Sept 6th) Pascagoula Mississippi, USA

Nicholas, our day with Maria on Rhodes was awesome.  All of us enjoyed her and your beautiful island.  We hope to return there some day in the future. Donna Perales and Friends (Sept 3rd) Grover Beach, California, US

Nicholas it was nice to meet you, thanks for coming to the ship and for calling to check in at the end of the tour. It's clear that customer satisfaction is a top priority. It was great to see more of Rhodes; we really enjoyed our day touring with Kostas. He told us lots of stories, was a good driver and always opened the door for me. Best wishes for continued success! Rick is already talking about another trip to Greece so perhaps we'll see you again. Kind regards, Joanne and Rick F. (Aug 23rd) Toronto, Canada

Nicholas, it was a pleasure meeting you as well, we had a great day touring Rhodes with Katerina and our driver George. You have a beautiful island!  Barbara L. and Family (Aug 14th) Middletown, Connecticut, USA

Thank you, Nicholas. We had a lovely day exploring Rhodes and George was fantastic. Thank you for accommodating our preferences too, it was very much appreciated! Sharon W. and Family (10th Aug) Sydney. Australia  

Nick, we can’t thank you and Giannis for the wonderful tour! We had a fantastic day enjoying your beautiful home. John was so knowledgeable and we couldn't have hoped for a better experience! Thank you again and give our best to Giannis! If you ever get to flagstaff Arizona (Grand Canyon) let us know if you need anything at all!  Michelle, Delaney and Dayna (Aug3rd) Flagstaff, Arizona, USA

Thanks Nicholas, George did a great job and we had an enjoyable time visiting the island.  My wife enjoyed the pottery the most. It is beautiful island and I will certainly contact you if we are fortunate enough to come back one day.  Charles R. (Aug 2nd) North Carolina USA  


Hello Nick, we had a wonderful time and really enjoyed our tour with Cristo! Regards Inga W. and group. (July 26th) Elgin, Illinois, USA

Hi Nick, we loved meeting you and Kostas - he was a fantastic driver and guide. It was a wonderful day and we will definitely be posting good reviews. Thank you again!  Brian D. (July 19) Bainbridge Island, Washington, USA

Thank you, Nicholas. We had a lovely day exploring Rhodes and George was fantastic! Thank you for accommodating our preferences too, it was very much appreciated.  Sharon W. and Family (9th July) Australia 

Hi Nicholas! I will be sure to leave a more detailed review online when we get home, but we had a wonderful day. Manuel was fantastic! Our son (7) easily gets car sick but Manuel was able to make extra stops anytime he felt bad to keep him from getting sick. This ensured we had the best time. He was amazing! Thanks again for an unforgettable tour! Please share our appreciation with Manuel!.  Jennifer L. (July 8th)  Knoxville, TN USA

Nick, thank you for everything, the tour was amazing and everybody really enjoyed the tour guiding and the fun narration of Kostas!!  Christy L (July 3rd) Kansas City, Missouri, USA 

Thank you so much, we really enjoyed our tour. Teo was outstanding.  Joann and Timothy B. (July 1st) Capitol Heights, Maryland, USA

Thank you! Maria was incredibly knowledgeable, and experienced. I’m thoroughly impressed with your company and the exceptional level of service you provide. I will definitely recommend you to others and will be in touch again the next time we visit Rhodes.  Best regards, Sofia W. and Family (June 27th) Rome, Georgia, USA

Hello Nicholas, Tour was amazing and George was great. So informative and did such a fabulous job with the tour! We couldn't have asked for a better day and way to see your beautiful island. Thank you and George for making it so amazing! Best, Julie R. (June 20th) Franklin, North Carolina, USA

Nick, it was our pleasure!! We truly enjoyed the tour!  Manuel was a wonderful guide filled with knowledge! Thank You!! Joanie S. (June 15th) Stamford Connecticut US

Nicholas, we had a super day in beautiful Rhodes. Thanks to George. Will keep your details for future trips. Sandra, Ian and Matthew (June 12th) Ireland 

Thank you very much, Nick!  My group thoroughly enjoyed the company of Giannis and Manolis. Giannis’s guidance, explanations in Spanish, and his patience were truly appreciated. Because of this, we will carry Rhodes in our hearts. Thank you again! Silvia and Group (June 3rd) Costa Rica

We had such a wonderful time with Michael!!! He was so knowledgeable about your beautiful island and showed us the best views and sites of Rhodes. He was also so helpful in accommodating my husband with his disability needs.  Best Regards Stella and John K. (May 23rd) Aurora, Illinois, USA

Nicholas, we had a marvelous excursion, Kostas was a great guide. He was very enlightening and accommodating. We had a wonderful day!!  Joseph T (May 21st) Worcester, Massachusetts, US

Hi Nick, we had a wonderful experience with you and George. Great memories of Rhodes for the four of us for sure!  Thank you again Scott B. (May 9th) Decatur, Alabama, US  

Hello Nick, we had a great time on our tour and Cristo and Stefania were excellent at their jobs.  It was very nice working with you. We hope to return to Rhodes for more than a quick port stop and explore more of your beautiful island. Jennifer W. (May 2nd) Randolph, NJ, USA

Kosta was the driver ever.  He made the tour very special.  He helps me in and out of the car and gave us all the information we needed at each sight.  We are very grateful for the experience we will never forget his kindness.  Thank you Georgia C. (April22nd) Troutville, Virginia, USA

Nicholas, we had a wonderful day and in large part it was due to George, our driver. Remarkable man.  We want to say thank you for helping us make memories.  David and Elizabeth W. (April 6th)  Washington, DC, USA

My husband and I certainly enjoyed our trip with Kostas. We particularly enjoyed his knowledge, professionalism, and humor. We hope to see you again. Denise and Steven T.(April 7th) Duval, FL. USA 

Hi Nicholas, We truly appreciate Anastasia and Manuel's exceptional service and expertise. We highly recommend your service! Best regards,
Ting C. and Group (April 4th) Laguna Niguel, CA, USA

Hi Nick, I just wanted to share how much we enjoyed our time on Rhodes and to commend Kostas for being an outstanding guide. From the seamless booking process to the tour itself, everything was an absolute pleasure. Your call via Kostas was a thoughtful touch, and I truly appreciated you taking the time to personally introduce yourself at the beginning of the tour, it’s those little details that make a great customer experience even better.  Thank you again for making our too-brief time in Rhodes such a fantastic experience! Paul G. (March 10th) Farmington, CT, USA 

Hello Nick:  We really enjoyed our day on Rhodes.  Andrew was a wonderful guide and we really enjoyed meeting him.  Thanks for taking such good care of us! All the best, Ray & Monica E. (Feb 21st)  Millerton, New York, USA

Dear Nicholas, Kostas and Savas were fantastic companions on our tour. I must say, Kostas' knowledge of the tour's objectives was truly exceptional. I will definitely return to Rhodes with more friends and plan to engage your services again. Wishing you all the best in the meantime. Kind regards, Collin A. (Jan 15th) Singapore