---
title: '2026'
position: 0
year: 2026
---

Nicholas, we had a wonderful day driving around with John (Giannis) and listening to his enthusiastic commentary about his home island.  The Argo restaurant was delightful, right on the water and served delicious food.  We will definitely recommend your company to any friends who plan to visit Rhodes.  Thank you for a delightful and most memorable experience.  Marge & Susan (June 20th) Prescott, Arizona, US

Hi Nicholas, our tour with Maria was fantastic! Greetings right back to her. She was incredibly knowledgeable and her explanations generally had just the right amount of detail and she was always willing and able to dive deeper into topics. We are fortunate to have met her during out time in Rhodes! Beth M. and Family (June 12th) Merion Station, PA USA 

Nicholas, we all had the most spectacular day. From beginning to end your team made it special. There is not one specific item to point to because all of it was absolutely perfect. Thank you!! Curtis H. (June 8th) Alma, Georgia, US 

We had a wonderful experience, thank you, Nicholas. George was an exceptional guide who brought the island's history to life while showing us its incredible scenery. The unexpected upgrade to a Mercedes van was a thoughtful touch and added to an already fantastic day.. Anthony and Patricia V.  Penny and Mark W. (June 5th) Phoenix, Arizona, US

Hello Nicholas, we cannot thank you enough for making our holiday so enjoyable. We must say firstly that Michael was a confident and capable driver, with good English and we so enjoyed his many tales as well as giving us a good insight into everyday life in Rhodes.
Thank you choosing Leila as our guild. What a charming lady she is. She had a deep knowledge of her subject and was able to communicate the history of the Old Town to us in a manner which which we could easily understand. She knew where the best ‘photo opportunities’ were!
We happened to mention that we were celebrating our 60th Wedding Anniversary, we stopped for coffee and before we knew it… Leila had paid the bill. She is a gem!! Our best wishes Martyn and Imelda (Margaret) C. (25th May) Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, England

Our tour with Michael was absolutely outstanding! We got to see all of the amazing highlights that were advertised, and the whole experience exceeded our expectations.  Nicholas was also incredibly helpful and flexible, kindly moving our reservation by one day because of the bad weather. We really appreciated that level of care and excellent service. Thanks again for such a wonderful experience! Chloé J. and Family (May 15th) Louisville, Kentantucky, US

Nicholas, our driver Giannis, was outstanding! He was waiting for us right off the ship in a beautiful sedan. He gave us a great overview of Rhodes, and its rich history. We had a wonderful ride to Lindos with a quick bathroom stop and some shopping at a local pottery store. I can’t say enough about the town of Lindos. We had a wonderful lunch and walked around. I highly recommend taking the time for a visit. Emma W. (May 7th) Boston, Massachusetts, US

Kostas was very enthusiastic about sharing Rhodes' history and very helpful with picture taking of our group. He is very entertaining and affable. He also taught us some Greek phrases. We especially liked the Old Town Tour, but also loved the beautiful island of Rhodes. Thank you to Kostas for his recommendation of restaurants for lunch. We had a delicious lunch after the tour. Donna M. and group (May 6th) Dallas, Texas US   

Nicholas, the private tour on Rhodes was really the way to go! Rhodes was one of the most beautiful places in Greece we saw. Our guide Manuel, was so flexible with us and made our time there the best it could possibly be. If you are in good shape, go all the way to the top of the acropolis of Lindos.  It’s a lot of stairs but well worth it. Thank you again for the excellent Service! Robert J. (May 2nd) Great Falls, Montana, US

Nick, please extend our thanks to Michael for the wonderful half-day tour of Rhodes. From start to finish, he made sure we didn’t miss a single detail, and we’re truly grateful for that. His knowledge and patience made the experience even more enjoyable.  We also really appreciated his extra effort to find us some delicious “melekounia” such a thoughtful touch. Thanks to him, Rhodes was one of the highlights of our cruise. We hope to return again soon.  Many thanks once again.  Betty P. and Family (April 23rd) Chicago, IL, USA

Dear Nicholas,  Cristos was a pleasure to spend time with and did a wonderful job showing us the main sights of the island. He was friendly, funny, and very thoughtful, always making sure we were comfortable. We had a fantastic day in Rhodes and would gladly recommend your services. Best regards, Timothy K. (April 8th) Bristol, Connecticut, US

Hello Nicholas, Rhodes is indeed beautiful and we can see why it gets so crowded in the summer. We're happy that we avoided the crowds!  George did a wonderful job and all of us (in our group of 6) had a very enjoyable day. We were completely pleased with our excursion. We are very happy we got to meet you at the start of the excursion and we were happy to be in George's hands the rest of the day. Thank you for providing us with a very memorable day visiting Rhodes!  Steven W. (March 22nd) Wyoming, USA

Thank you, Nicholas, both Kostas the guide and Kostas the driver exceeded our expectations. We look forward to a return trip to Rhodes in the future. Best, Alitia F. (March 5th) Denver, Colorado, US

Nicholas our tour was wonderful. It was very nice that you met us on the dock! Michael our tour guide was so informative, kind and someone you just wanted to talk to. He knew all the places to go, kept us well informed and even went the extra step in making sure our time was memorable in Rhodes. Please see attached! Wishing you all the best. Kind regards, Mary S. (Feb 20th) Welland, Ontario, Canada

We loved the trip, Giannis was excellent and very professional throughout the entire experience. Thank you again for making it such a wonderful and memorable journey. Lindy G. (20th Jan) Sidney Australia    